README.md, before:

# Chawk

[![Gem Version][GV img]][Gem Version]
[![Build Status][BS img]][Build Status]
[![Dependency Status][DS img]][Dependency Status]
[![Code Climate][CC img]][Code Climate]

[Gem Version]: https://rubygems.org/gems/chawk
[Build Status]: https://travis-ci.org/queuetue/chawk-gem
[travis pull requests]: https://travis-ci.org/queuetue/chawk-gem/pull_requests
[Dependency Status]: https://gemnasium.com/queuetue/chawk-gem
[Code Climate]: https://codeclimate.com/github/queuetue/chawk-gem

[GV img]: https://badge.fury.io/rb/chawk-gem.png
[BS img]: https://travis-ci.org/queuetue/chawk-gem.png
[DS img]: https://gemnasium.com/queuetue/chawk-gem.png
[CC img]: https://codeclimate.com/github/queuetue/chawk-gem.png
[CS img]: https://coveralls.io/repos/queuetue/chawk/badge.png?branch=master

## Description
Chawk is a database agnostic time-series database written in Ruby.

It tracks both both points (Integers) and values (String) in seperate datastores, and will eventually provide statistical and aggregate tools for numeric data.

This is the gem that powers the server, [chawk-server](http://github.com/queuetue/chawk-server "chawk-server") 

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'chawk'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install chawk

## Usage

Setup is a bit of a bear at the moment, expect usage details to follow.

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( http://github.com/<my-github-username>/chawk/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Almost rid of board object

README.md, after:

# Chawk

[![Gem Version][GV img]][Gem Version]
[![Build Status][BS img]][Build Status]
[![Dependency Status][DS img]][Dependency Status]
[![Code Climate][CC img]][Code Climate]

[Gem Version]: https://rubygems.org/gems/chawk
[Build Status]: https://travis-ci.org/queuetue/chawk-gem
[travis pull requests]: https://travis-ci.org/queuetue/chawk-gem/pull_requests
[Dependency Status]: https://gemnasium.com/queuetue/chawk-gem
[Code Climate]: https://codeclimate.com/github/queuetue/chawk-gem

[GV img]: https://badge.fury.io/rb/chawk-gem.png
[BS img]: https://travis-ci.org/queuetue/chawk-gem.png
[DS img]: https://gemnasium.com/queuetue/chawk-gem.png
[CC img]: https://codeclimate.com/github/queuetue/chawk-gem.png
[CS img]: https://coveralls.io/repos/queuetue/chawk/badge.png?branch=master

## Description
Chawk is a database agnostic time-series database written in Ruby.

It tracks both both points (Integers) and values (String) in seperate datastores, and will eventually provide statistical and aggregate tools for numeric data.

This is the gem that powers the server, [chawk-server](http://github.com/queuetue/chawk-server "chawk-server") 

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'chawk'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install chawk

## Using Chawk

Setup
    require 'chawk'
    Chawk.setup 'sqlite::memory:'
    @board = Chawk::Board.new()

All Chawk data operations require an Agent.  This can be used as the main actor in your code, or can be a proxy for your own User, etc through the foreign_id property.

    agent = Chawk::Models::Agent.new(name:"Steve Austin")

All data operations are performed through an Addr object.

    addr = @board.addr(agent,"inventory/popcorn")

The Addr object has two store objects - values and points.  **Points** are integers and allow mathematical and statistical operations. **Values** are strings and are intended for storing informational or serialized time series data. 

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( http://github.com/<my-github-username>/chawk/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
